README.md, before:

# ChatCoPlus

[![discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/843551077759844362?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/7tW8ZAtGr5)
[![reddit](https://img.shields.io/reddit/subreddit-subscribers/0b0t)](https://old.reddit.com/r/0b0t/)
[![release](https://github.com/zeroBzeroT/ChatCoPlus/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/zeroBzeroT/ChatCoPlus/actions/workflows/release.yml)
![repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/zeroBzeroT/ChatCoPlus.svg?label=repo%20size)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/zeroBzeroT/ChatCoPlus/total)](https://github.com/zeroBzeroT/ChatCoPlus/releases)

---

ChatCoPlus is a rebuild of the famous chat plugin ChatCo created by [jj20051](https://github.com/WiredTombstone), who is
the founder and current owner of 9b9t.

### Features

- Players can customize their chat message using various prefixes. As an example putting an '>' before a chat message
  will turn the text green (green-text). (Note: Does not change the color of player names).
- Players can whisper other players (defaults to a purple color).
- Players can ignore another player (works for both world and whisper chat). Ignore lists are persistent between logins.
  Players can also un-ignore a previously ignored player.
- Allows for a customizable spoiler text system (who wants to ruin the walking dead for everyone?).
- Players can toggle chat on/off.
- Full permission support so that you can limit who has access to what colors / features.
- Allows the administrator to log whispers between players. (This might be against local law.)

### Popular servers running this plugin

- 0b0t.org
- 2b2t.net
- 9b9t.com
- Anarchy.pw

### Administrative commands

Every single admin command goes by the format "/chatco {component} {e|d}" where 'e' enables and 'd' disables, e.g.
typing "/chatco
whisperlog e" in the console will enable whisper logging. You will have to reload the plugin in order to make most of
the
changes take effect.

### Components

- **spoilers** - enables or disables spoilers, is **disabled** by default.
- **whispers** - enables or disables whisper changes, is **enabled** by default.
- **newcommands** - enables or disables new whisper commands, is **enabled** by default.
- **whisperlog** - enables or disables whisper logging (whisper logs are saved in /ChatCo/whisperlog.txt), is **
  disabled**
  by default.)

### Player Commands

- **/ignore {player}** - ignores or un-ignores the player.
- **/ignorelist** - prints all ignored players.
- **/unignoreall** - clears ignore list
- **/togglechat** - disables regular chatting for the player - NOT PERSISTENT.
- **/toggletells** - disables tells for the player - NOT PERSISTENT,

### Whisper Related Player Commands

- **/r** and **/reply** - replies to the last person who sent you a whisper this session.
- **/l** and **/last** - replies to the last person you sent a whisper to

### Config

Color codes and prefixes can be disabled by replacing the contents with NULL e.g. GREEN: NULL.
Usage of color codes and prefixes can be restricted by using permissions.
You can customize the appearance of whispers.

### Examples

- Turn chat off/on with /togglechat.
- Write > at the start of a message for green-text.
- Write [SPOILER]text[/SPOILER] to make a spoiler.
- Write /show spoiler [1-5] to view spoilers.

### Planned Features

- Fully Async Chat

### Tested Minecraft Versions

- 1.12.2

### Git Release Creation

```bash
git tag <tag_name>
git push origin <tag_name>
```

Commit message:

bStats graph in readme.md

README.md, after:

# ChatCoPlus

[![discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/843551077759844362?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/7tW8ZAtGr5)
[![reddit](https://img.shields.io/reddit/subreddit-subscribers/0b0t)](https://old.reddit.com/r/0b0t/)
[![release](https://github.com/zeroBzeroT/ChatCoPlus/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/zeroBzeroT/ChatCoPlus/actions/workflows/release.yml)
![repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/zeroBzeroT/ChatCoPlus.svg?label=repo%20size)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/zeroBzeroT/ChatCoPlus/total)](https://github.com/zeroBzeroT/ChatCoPlus/releases)

---

ChatCoPlus is a rebuild of the famous chat plugin ChatCo created by [jj20051](https://github.com/WiredTombstone), who is
the founder and current owner of 9b9t.

### Features

- Players can customize their chat message using various prefixes. As an example putting an '>' before a chat message
  will turn the text green (green-text). (Note: Does not change the color of player names).
- Players can whisper other players (defaults to a purple color).
- Players can ignore another player (works for both world and whisper chat). Ignore lists are persistent between logins.
  Players can also un-ignore a previously ignored player.
- Allows for a customizable spoiler text system (who wants to ruin the walking dead for everyone?).
- Players can toggle chat on/off.
- Full permission support so that you can limit who has access to what colors / features.
- Allows the administrator to log whispers between players. (This might be against local law.)

### Popular servers running this plugin

- 0b0t.org
- 2b2t.net
- 9b9t.com
- Anarchy.pw

### Administrative commands

Every single admin command goes by the format "/chatco {component} {e|d}" where 'e' enables and 'd' disables, e.g.
typing "/chatco
whisperlog e" in the console will enable whisper logging. You will have to reload the plugin in order to make most of
the
changes take effect.

### Components

- **spoilers** - enables or disables spoilers, is **disabled** by default.
- **whispers** - enables or disables whisper changes, is **enabled** by default.
- **newcommands** - enables or disables new whisper commands, is **enabled** by default.
- **whisperlog** - enables or disables whisper logging (whisper logs are saved in /ChatCo/whisperlog.txt), is **
  disabled**
  by default.)

### Player Commands

- **/ignore {player}** - ignores or un-ignores the player.
- **/ignorelist** - prints all ignored players.
- **/unignoreall** - clears ignore list
- **/togglechat** - disables regular chatting for the player - NOT PERSISTENT.
- **/toggletells** - disables tells for the player - NOT PERSISTENT,

### Whisper Related Player Commands

- **/r** and **/reply** - replies to the last person who sent you a whisper this session.
- **/l** and **/last** - replies to the last person you sent a whisper to

### Config

Color codes and prefixes can be disabled by replacing the contents with NULL e.g. GREEN: NULL.
Usage of color codes and prefixes can be restricted by using permissions.
You can customize the appearance of whispers.

### Examples

- Turn chat off/on with /togglechat.
- Write > at the start of a message for green-text.
- Write [SPOILER]text[/SPOILER] to make a spoiler.
- Write /show spoiler [1-5] to view spoilers.

### Planned Features

- Fully Async Chat

### Tested Minecraft Versions

- 1.12.2

### Statistics

![Graph](https://bstats.org/signatures/bukkit/0b0t_ChatCoPlus.svg)

### Warranty

The Software is provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, express
or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In no event shall the
Authors or copyright owners be liable for any claims, damages or other
liability, whether in an action in contract, tort or otherwise, arising from,
out of or in connection with the Software or the use or other dealings in the
Software.
